Interchain exchange tutorial (#573)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: interchain-exchange/tutorial/02-app-init.md

## Install Starport

This tutorial uses [Starport](https://github.com/tendermint/starport) v0.15.0. The Starport tool is the easiest way to build a blockchain. 

To install `starport` into `/usr/local/bin`, run the following command:

```
curl https://get.starport.network/starport@v0.15.0! | bash
```

You can also use Starport v0.15.0 in a [browser-based IDE](http://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/tendermint/starport/tree/v0.15.0). For more installation options, see [Install Starport](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/blob/develop/docs/1%20Introduction/2%20Install.md).

## Create the Blockchain

Scaffold a new blockchain called `interchange`

```bash
starport app github.com/username/interchange
cd interchange
```

A new directory named interchange is created. This directory contains a working blockchain app.
Create a new IBC module next.

## Create the Module

Scaffold a module inside your blockchain named `ibcdex` with IBC capabilities.
The ibcdex module contains the logic for creating and maintaining orderbooks and routing them through IBC to the second blockchain.

```bash
starport module create ibcdex --ibc --ordering unordered
```

## Create the Transaction Types

> Create two types of transactions and use the Starport `type` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scaffold two types with create, read, update and delete (CRUD) actions use the Starport `type` command.
```

> The two commands below will create a `sellOrderBook` and `buyOrderBook` transaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two commands below will create `sellOrderBook` and `buyOrderBook` types.
```

```bash
starport type sellOrderBook orderIDTrack:int amountDenom priceDenom --indexed --module ibcdex
starport type buyOrderBook orderIDTrack:int amountDenom priceDenom --indexed --module ibcdex
```

The values are: 
- `orderIDTrack`, which is an internal counter in the order book to assign the orders an ID.
- `amountDenom`, which will represent which token will be sold and in which quantity
- `priceDenom` what price you are selling your token 

> The flag `--indexed` adds an index to the transaction, the `--module ibcdex` adds this transaction to the `ibcdex` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--indexed` flag creates an "indexed type". Without this flag, a type is implemented like a list with new items appended. Indexed types act like key-value stores.

The `--module ibcdex` flag specifies that the type should be scaffolded in the `ibcdex` module.
```

## Create the IBC Packets

Create three packets for IBC, to create a new orderbook pair `createPair`, create a sell order `sellOrder`, create a buy order `buyOrder`.

```bash
starport packet createPair sourceDenom targetDenom --module ibcdex
starport packet sellOrder amountDenom amount:int priceDenom price:int --ack remainingAmount:int,gain:int --module ibcdex
starport packet buyOrder amountDenom amount:int priceDenom price:int --ack remainingAmount:int,purchase:int --module ibcdex
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `--ack` flag defines field names and types of the acknowledgement returned after the packet has been received by the target chain. Value of `--ack` is a comma-separated (no spaces) list of names with optional types appended after a colon.
```

## Cancel messages

Cancelling orders is done locally in the network, there is no packet to send.
Use the `message` command to create a message to cancel a sell or buy order.

```go
starport message cancelSellOrder port channel amountDenom priceDenom orderID:int --desc "Cancel a sell order" --module ibcdex
starport message cancelBuyOrder port channel amountDenom priceDenom orderID:int --desc "Cancel a buy order" --module ibcdex
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The optional `--desc` flag let's you define a description of the CLI command used to broadcast a transaction with the message.

```
